VAGABOND
Hey. Mr. Emognat!
I found a dead woman!
She's like this!
- Are you sure?
- In the ditch.
I'll go call the police.
Get a picture of her face.
Her face.
A woman in the ditch.
She's dead. She's dead.
When did you find her?
- This morning at 10. I think.
- 10 o'clock?
If she stumbled. got knocked out.
the temperature was so low.
the cold got her.
No ID on her.
That's wine dregs on her.
They threw her in a wine vat.
8 feet.
What was she like?
She look okay?
She had a vacant stare.
like a vagrant.
The way she looked at me
I realized she was a...
That's all I can tell you.
- What do you say?
- A natural death.
No marks on her.
Looks like she froze to death.
No one claimed the body. so it went
from a ditch to potter's field.
She had died a natural death
without leaving a trace.
I wonder if those who knew her as a child
still think about her.
But people she had met recently
remembered her.
Those witnesses helped me tell
about the last weeks of her last winter.
She left her mark on them.
They spoke of her.
not knowing she had died.
I didn't tell them.
Nor that her name was Mona Bergeron.
I know little about her myself.
but it seems to me
she came from the sea.
Paulo! For 2 francs. you can have her!
Yeah. sure. but when you find
a real naked girl.
he chickens out!
That day on the beach.
I would've gone.
A girl all alone is easy!
The water must be ice-cold.
She's got to be crazy.
Maybe she made a bet.
I wouldn't do it.
Maybe for a grand.
She's not bad. eh?
- Let's go see.
- No. I've got work to do.
- Let me drive!
- Some other time.
The camping season's over.
No one's here!
I am.
Those big things are ugly!
The summer's better.
Wall to wall people.
90.000 in the summer.
Only 3.000 in winter.
That leaves 87.000 empty beds!
Why? Want a bed?
There's a bunk in back.
Yeah. I've heard that before!
Got a radio?
Everything but a radio!
What a heap!
Not even a radio!
Okay. I stop here.
Here's where you get out.
You don't give free rides. eh?
Okay. so long.
Girl hitchhikers. okay.
but if they're a pain in the ass.
I throw them out.
She was cute though.
Maybe she's the one I almost wiped out.
We were tearing down bungalows
and she didn't hear!
Sleeping like an angel.
Hey. guys. look at the prize I found!
Can I have some water?
Yes. use that pump.
That thing?
There's no water.
You have to prime it.
- Have a breakdown?
- No. I'm camping.
- In this weather?
- Yeah. it's okay.
Got any matches?
Of course.
I'll give you some. young lady.
I'd rather go away.
The girl who wanted water...
She was free. she goes where she likes.
Does she have a mother
to feed her every day?
At times it'd be better not to eat.
I'd like to be free.
To be free...
Anyone in there?
Yeah. I'm sleeping!
Know where you are?
No. I got here at night.
It's a graveyard. Can't stay here.
Got any work cleaning tombstones?
Coffee. please.
Are you looking at me?
Or at my sandwich?
At your sandwich.
Too bad.
Do you want one?
Laurent! Give her a sandwich.
When she showed up.
she had a big backpack.
She was looking for work.
For 30 francs.
I gave her a car to wash.
Got her hands clean. at least.
I would have let her pump gas.
but I didn't trust her.
Female drifters. all alike.
just loafers and men-chasers.
She almost said I had dirty hands.
No. that's not what she said.
She said. "You've got a dirty mind."
The nerve.
Oh. come on!
Give me a ride?
I'll get my pack.
Assholes!
One for me!
It's gotten tough.
Easy heists are scarce.
- Most homes are guarded.
- Not to mention dogs!
And where Yolande works?
Keep Yolande out of this.
Her uncle guards a château.
Hands off Yolande! Get me?
Yolande!
Coming. Madame Lydie!
I found a couple.
but I didn't tell my uncle.
He's the caretaker.
He should just make his rounds.
The owner comes only once a year.
so my uncle doesn't care.
He doesn't even know
you can get in the back.
Uncle Aimé! This is my man!
My name is Paulo.
Mine is Bionnet.
B as in boob. I as in idiot.
O as in onest. no H.
two Ns. Noel Noel.
E as in Ernest Renan...
And T like the first name
of the poet Théophile Gautier!
Well done!
Let's drink to that!
I know that one by heart.
He's been doing it for 15 years.
I'm going for a walk.
So you're back?
Enjoy your walk?
Been daydreaming?
Had your fill?
Let's go. Paulo.
Gotta take him to the station.
I want to go dancing.
Promise you'll feed the dogs
at least once?
- I promise.
- Yolande is obliging.
Yolande is a real help!
Yolande was one of the help!
- Going away for a while?
- Yes. family matters.
I wish that Paulo would dream with me.
like the lovers in the château
in each other's arms.
The old man's leaving with a suitcase.
We'll have it easy for a few days.
Your little pad's not bad.
No tracks!
Stay out of sight.
I know. Usually it doesn't last
two days for me.
Usually. I'm all alone.
like a wandering Jew.
I threw away the key.
It's about time!
You know she wants to eat at 12:30 sharp.
You slept all morning.
I'm sick of being cooped up here.
That 3-day trip will be a relief.
Find a job where I'll have more room.
Old folks pay well.
Find another old person!
She's a drag.
but lots of them
are even dirtier and sicker.
- The lady's a golden deal!
- Not for me.
You spend my pay.
You're a pain and you're tactless!
Paulo! Why aren't you nice to me?
Here we go again.
I know a couple so gentle.
They're always together:
They eat. smoke. sleep together.
they listen to music.
- Who are they?
- You don't know them.
But you do?
I'm not going to rot here.
I'm warning you.
The woodwork's very pretty.
but it collects dust!
So be sure to dust them well!
Be careful of my little cup!
I'm very fond of it.
My godmother gave it to me
for my first communion.
Poor thing! I loved her.
I wept and wept and wept
when she died.
If they're dead. it's ugly. I thought.
If they're asleep. it's cute.
Are you really out of dope?
You smoked my month's stash in 4 days.
Pass the bread.
I hear noises.
Just the wind.
What was that?
Shut off the radio.
Go check.
When I had grass. she was cool.
But less so when I ran out.
When I got slugged. she was gone.
I'm lucky she didn't swipe my radio.
She'd been eyeing it.
I thought she was a homebody.
the staying kind.
Shit!
I haven't seen anyone here.
Except my niece who visits me often.
Neighbors said they saw
a dirty girl with a backpack.
You know that can't be my niece
who tries to look so neat.
Imagine her carrying off
a big wardrobe!
Or the camper stealing a big painting!
No. that's all nonsense.
Travel safely. my child.
Our door will always be open.
PRIVATE. NO TRESPASSING.
BEWARE OF THE DOGS.
Hello.
- On the road in this weather?
- I didn't choose the weather.
- But you chose the road?
- Yes.
A guy said you'd put me up.
Did he put me on?
You laugh at your puns.
I laugh easily.
Just for the night.
She can use the big room.
How many are there?
About a hundred.
I don't count them exactly.
Do you know every one?
Almost. Half of them have names.
This one's eating my hair!
She's a sound sleeper!
Let her sleep a bit!
- Sleep well?
- Yeah. fine.
Good.
I know what it's like
to be on the road.
- Were you on the road?
- We moved with the herds.
Six months in the hills.
six months in the valleys.
With a wife and a herd. it's different.
more like moving house.
Not the same kind of road as yours.
We've all got to do our thing.
don't we?
That's how it is.
Do you travel alone?
You don't get lonely?
It's good to be alone.
I've spent Christmas alone.
I watched people stuffing themselves.
I was alone.
When it's cold. it's nice!
Roads aren't so crowded.
It's easier to hitch rides.
It all depends how nice the man is
who picks you up or doesn't.
If he picks you up. you're lucky.
And luckier if he doesn't pester you.
I don't care. I move.
Maybe you're freer than I am.
Good for you.
I chose a middle road
between loneliness and freedom.
People bugged me for a long time.
but that's all over now.
You chose total freedom
but you got total loneliness.
The time comes when if you go on.
you destroy yourself.
You head for destruction.
If you want to live. you stop.
My friends who stayed on the road
are dead now.
or else they fell apart:
alcoholics. or junkies.
Because the loneliness ate them up.
in the end.
You'll send him to school?
We'll see later.
His daddy delivered him.
He'll teach him.
- He has a Master's in Philosophy.
- Then what're you doing here?
Back to the land.
That's what I'd like too.
to have a piece of land of my own.
grow potatoes.
Potatoes!
Working the land's no joke!
Got to be there when it needs you.
If you want a potato field.
I offer you all this land
from the cypresses
up to the fruit trees.
Plenty of space to plant potatoes.
I'll never manage.
I'll give you a hand.
I'll plow it and harrow it for you.
And you can plant it.
I gave you a mattress.
There's a stove. you'll be okay.
You can sell cheese if people come.
That way. we'll have more privacy too.
Know how to ride?
This is better!
You three and the herd is a crowd.
I'm not used to that.
Want to visit my house?
No. it doesn't stink.
You'll get used to it.
Mona! Are you sleeping?
Look. I knocked at noon!
This can't go on!
You sleep all the time.
We work all the time.
It's not fair.
And it's dirty here.
Cigarette butts and burns.
No good.
Don't get so pissed off!
You're a pain!
Come out! We've got to talk!
But what do you want?
You don't want anything!
We give you land. you don't touch it!
Your head's empty!
Gotta have something in it?
I gotta be a shepherd?
You're not the only dropout.
You're no dropout. you're just out.
You don't exist.
Fuck your philosophy!
You live in filth like me!
Only you work more!
If I'd studied.
I wouldn't live like you.
I hated being a secretary!
I quit those bosses!
But not to find another boss on the road!
You've read too much trash.
You're a dreamer.
Hey. you really need a bath!
Money. most of all.
Wanna buy some cheese?
Goat cheese. I work there.
Never thought I'd do my shopping here!
You don't eat them?
I've had enough for 10 years.
I'm fed up.
Move along. You're scaring them.
Sorry to say that. but I'm working.
She's got character.
She knows what she wants.
If I'd sent you packing at her age.
I'd be better off.
Marry the wrong man
and you're stuck for life.
I liked that hippie.
The university crowd came.
I gave my usual speech.
And listen to this...
I gave a ride to a hitchhiker.
a sort of vagrant.
My lord. how she stank!
When she got in. I nearly choked.
Everything stank:
her sleeping bag. her pack... Such filth!
It was shocking.
I couldn't say no
once she was in the car...
So you sleep alone outside?
For the fun of it?
Or because you have to?
That's it.
- You don't have a home?
- Yeah. that's it.
- No family to go to?
- Nothing much.
My questions bother you?
A bit. but that's okay.
All drivers talk to their rides.
So I make things up.
No home. no family.
did you make that up?
Not that.
- After the cigarette?
- During.
-They're chichis.
-What?
Local delicacy.
Maybe that's not the name.
Loud music kills my taste!
You like music.
Sure do. That and grass.
Don't you have a radio?
No grass. either.
I got no bread to score.
Takes bread to buy grass.
And to buy bread!
I can always find bread.
and I earn a few pennies.
Where do you keep your money?
There. I've got a pocket.
When I've got some. when I work.
This'd go well with a beer.
What kind of work?
Any old thing.
Picking strawberries. grape harvest...
I'd like to babysit.
Dressed like that?
I know. I don't have the right look!
Not the clean look that parents like.
You could walk dogs. that's done.
Dog-shepherd. no thanks!
As far as animals go.
I already gave!
I'd like to be a caretaker.
To look after houses.
Look after guard-dogs.
There are so many big houses...
So many rooms...
I check out plane trees.
The dead ones.
I'm a specialist.
You treat them?
No. I'm an academic.
College professor...
What I do is... Research.
So who treats them?
Technicians. I stop by and see them.
In the lab. we want to breed
a resistant strain.
To what?
A fungus that's like cancer.
Ceratocystis fimbriata.
But it's called "canker stain."
It invades the tree and kills it.
We can't stop it. Not yet.
All plane trees are doomed.
When?
Within 30 years.
Unless we solve it.
But it takes money.
Bread!
Took us 25 years to find out the GIs
brought it in '44 to southern France.
To Italy too.
Not to Normandy. few plane trees!
But in Marseilles. U.S. weapons arrived
in wooden crates that were left to rot.
Made of diseased U.S. plane-tree wood!
They're contagious for years!
The fungus spread slowly.
The epidemic began.
We understood too late.
That sucks.
But to do nothing...
to stop the plague sucks even more!
Anyway...
What upset me...
is that I soon got used to her stench.
her chain-smoking. her poverty...
She liked being in my car.
She felt at home.
I took everything that looked good.
We're spoiled at these conferences.
And some champagne.
You realize I can't take you in.
I hate crowds.
Want to sleep in the car?
Sure. that's great.
For the radio. you need the keys.
And I've got to take them.
Going to lock me in?
No. just push the buttons down yourself.
Sorry about no music.
Who cares? I'm used to it.
I'll conjugate verbs.
Irregular. English ones.
- You've studied English?
- Sure thing.
High-school level.
- You graduated?
- Vocational school.
Shorthand-typist.
You could've worked at this conference!
If I had the right look!
I have to go now.
Why did you drop out?
Champagne on the road's better!
Hi. Jean-Pierre.
There's a weird girl in my car.
Listen. get rid of that tree-trunk.
My trucks need to get by.
Send your cronies to disinfect back there.
I'll move the trunk.
No. it has to be cut up on the spot.
- I told you about Mrs. Landier.
- Sure. ma'am.
- But that doesn't change things.
- We'll do our best.
She's a weird girl. A hitchhiker.
Wild and dirty.
She's taken root in my car.
Shall I show her
how we uproot sick trees?
No. she's kind of fun.
- So that's what I saw in your car.
- That's her. Want to see her?
Go get my red folder.
I've come for her folder.
- You'll suffocate in here.
- Shut the door! It's windy.
- What do you smoke? I'm all out!
- Gitanes. Want one?
- See the tree fall?
- Yeah.
- Sad. eh?
- Not worth crying over.
You a tree-freak. like her?
I was her student.
I'm an agronomist.
Do I scare you or something?
Cut it all. feel free!
I thought of you at once.
Her witch's hair reminded me
of how soft and exquisite you are.
- There are princesses and toads.
- The answer's no.
We're married and you never want to.
At my folks' home. it was okay.
In this dump. I don't want to.
Your Aunt Lydie lives alone
in a 7-room flat!
She's not immortal.
We're wasting our best years.
Because we lack money and space!
Don't complain.
That vagrant girl had nothing.
Nothing! No roof. no money.
I can assure you that...
Stop talking about that pig
who charmed you and your Landier.
that teacher who's always hot
for some cause!
Stop feeling sorry
for that runaway girl.
Maybe she's a criminal.
a psycho. or a dope addict!
You come around here often.
The chow's not bad.
But the music stinks.
It's like Muzak!
Don't you have Renaud?
I don't program the local station!
- Don't you like him?
- Sure.
Clench your fist to make it flow.
I'm in no hurry.
- Where can I buy cigarettes?
- Not here. Further on.
She came out of nowhere.
She sat down by the fire.
She seemed to be cold.
Dare I speak to her?
I didn't know if I should.
Girls who wander around
are quite rare.
To be all alone like that...
I should've spoken to her.
What's all this about a fungus?
It's that cyto-thingmajig...
A bug the GIs brought over in their crates.
They did? When?
Ask around.
If there's a fungus in your crates.
you'll see.
In my crates. Made locally?
I just said it. because I know it.
So should you.
Screw your plane trees!
Think of me if they die!
- Am I too early?
- No. come in.
Hi. Mrs. Landier.
I'm running late. Come on in.
Have a seat.
You haven't had your glasses fixed.
My wife said the same thing!
I won't be 5 minutes.
I almost died!
- Electrocuted!
- It's over.
- I almost died.
- It's nothing.
A blinding light!
It's true what they say:
I saw moments of my life...
flash by... images...
It took ages.
I heard some noise and came right away.
It lasted a few seconds.
I was fighting
all those bits of images...
It's weird.
That hitchhiker I picked up...
She kept coming back...
like a kind of reproach.
Shall I sit in front
or you playing cabbie?
I must drop you off.
I'm going home.
When? Now?
No. in about a half-hour. 15 minutes.
To each his own. huh?
Here...
A bit of food.
It was a nice ride.
Sure you'll find a place?
Sure. I'll be okay.
Be careful.
Bread for some bread?
You can't leave her there.
The woods aren't safe.
Jean-Pierre. help me.
Go find her.
It was in the woods. I'll show you
on the map. Near a water tower.
I'm worried for her. she's so alone.
I should've done something.
I don't even know her name.
So. camping alone?
I've been watching you a while.
- Want company?
- No!
Sure you do!
She blew in like the wind.
No plans. no goals...
No wishes. no wants...
We suggested things to her.
She didn't want to do a thing.
Wandering? That's withering!
By proving she's useless.
she helps a system she rejects.
It's not wandering. it's withering.
- Can I drink?
- Sure. you can drink.
You can also take the shears
and go to work.
Come in.
Close the door.
Where you taking that junk?
This girl lives outdoors.
Will you let me take her
to sleep upstairs?
That's okay. You're alone now.
Who knows. when the others get here...
- We'll see.
- Okay.
- Thanks. bye.
- Good night.
So you live outdoors?
You can come in.
Like some tea?
The tea's ready.
Where are the others?
They went to Morocco
to see their wives and kids.
You got no kids?
I'm not Moroccan. I'm Tunisian.
What's your name again?
Yahiaoui Assoun.
- Can I call you Assoun?
- If you want.
Assoun or Assouna.
Mine was Simone.
Now I'm Mona.
Mona's good.
And your father's name?
Bergeron.
- Does the TV work?
- Well... No.
Know how to cut?
I'll show you. Look.
Like that. there...
That...
Here. start there...
Cut there.
You cut there...
Then... Here.
There. very good!
You can work with me if you want.
Since I'm paid a flat rate...
I get about 800 or 900 francs
per vineyard.
In some there are 1.500 plants.
In others there can be 2.000.
When you're on a flat rate.
you can handle it as you wish.
You can help me.
Assoun. time for work!
Go ahead. keep up with me.
Stay level with me.
If it's badly done or not finished...
I'll go over it again.
- It's good.
- Yes. it's good.
Weird. all those bottles of oil.
We each have our own bottle.
Our names are on them.
You eat in line.
like in a snack bar?
You hurt yourself bad.
Learning my trade!
The foreman's wife said to me
vine-cutting isn't a woman's job.
She also told me that
her daughter works
in a jockey-short factory!
I knew that.
It's odd to see a girl
camp out in winter.
But times have changed.
Look at Florence.
She's worse than our boys.
Just wants to ride motorbikes!
Wait.
When she meets a nice boy.
it'll all be okay.
She mustn't wind up like that camper!
Supposedly her name's Mona.
It's all stiff.
It's this weather.
I'll leave it. Not your problem:
you never wash your clothes.
And it's no cleaner up there.
Assoun's nice. He has kind eyes.
Nice. a good worker.
But dirty.
You listening or not?
If you want. you can stay.
You help me and work the vines.
I'll take good care of you.
When the others come.
I'll handle it.
Nothing to say?
Want to go out? It's cold.
Bundle up.
- Assoun. coming?
- I'm coming.
Mona. there's a problem
with the others.
They don't want you to stay.
I don't know why.
You can sit there. I'm going
to talk with them again. Wait for me.
The others won't agree.
We're already six. There's no room.
And they say no women.
Great. Assoun.
"Stay here. work.
I'll take care of you."
- When they come. you chicken out!
- They don't want a woman.
You're yellow.
Get my things! I'm splitting!
Wait. Mona. I'll go.
Move it!
I'm coming!
And my tent!
The others won't agree.
You got me good.
- Take your tent.
- And you take back your scarf!
A guy's lending me his car.
I'll take you.
To be rid of me faster. right?
- Get in.
- Your pals are great. So are you!
We start work in an hour.
I knew it would happen.
I said so.
Poor girl. where is she now?
So young...
Remember. the last time I came.
there was that girl.
the one I told to clench her fist.
I thought she just came for the chow.
Not at all.
She just took two little things
of apple sauce.
Some coffee...
Give me some wine!
That's all. she had just laughed.
I wonder why she gave blood.
Cute little café with its three tables!
Fill the bottle.
- Can we ride with you?
- If it's just you. okay.
See ya!
Being alone is rough.
But being a lonely couple
is no better.
In Paulo's arms I feel alone.
He likes to go out with me.
to go to bed with me.
That's all he wants.
I'm the romantic type.
I can't forget that girl
in the arms of the guy
with that chain.
Take out your things
and wait for me in the hall.
- What about him?
- Don't worry.
You can sleep in here.
It's Madame's deceased sister's room.
It's vacant.
No one sets foot in here.
You know. I've often thought
of you two asleep.
I saw it as eternal love!
Now you're alone. like the old lady!
Not as rich!
Poor kid!
I'll spoil you. for a change.
You'll keep me company.
I'm so lonely...
I pamper her. I'll pamper you.
I don't want gratitude.
I'm used to it.
Madame doesn't notice me.
She chatters away. she's in a fog.
She sees an apron moving.
That's me. Yolande.
At first I thought she could see.
She knows her house by heart.
She has a very nice nephew.
Handsome. young.
She never had kids.
She just has me.
Well. my apron. My dust cloth.
Will she give you her house?
No. it's for her nephew.
When she passes on.
He's the nephew?
He's cute. I'd do him.
No. he's mine!
Your nephew?
No. my man!
Cut it out!
I'm going shopping.
Behave. okay?
Listen. Yolande.
The silver must be cleaned.
My friend Lucy's coming to tea.
The little red lamp.
don't forget to get it fixed.
And the wineglasses
should be put away.
Who's that?
My poor sister Marcelle.
I never liked her cats.
When you're that old.
cats are better than nothing.
You're not Yolande.
You don't look like her.
And you're smaller.
- You're not Yolande. Who is it?
- It's Mona.
What's your first name. granny?
Lydie. You scared me.
Relax. granny!
I'd rather have a glass.
Yolande didn't put out wine:
it's brandy!
Thanks.
- What's that girl doing?
- What girl?
I gave her a ride
when you were drunk.
Is she young? Pretty?
Maybe this place'll liven up!
If my nephew could see me.
he wouldn't believe his eyes!
He's waiting for you to pass on.
Nephews are all vultures!
I know. but I don't say a word!
When he shows up with flowers and says:
"Hello. Aunt Lydie.
Today you're in great shape!"
I know he wants my house. But...
It's so good.
Another!
One more shot!
Another shot! Just a tiny one.
You're so funny!
Give me back my apron. Now!
"Give me back my apron. Now!"
I want to talk to you.
My boyfriend wants you to leave.
The guy in the photo?
Here's 100 francs. Beat it!
100 francs to split!
I had it made with the old lady!
But not with the maid!
- Move!
- I didn't have it made with the maid!
Check-out time is noon!
I won't swipe your lousy job.
Don't worry.
Don't leave me alone!
Here. your slippers.
They'll put me in an old age home!
I'll go out in style!
Yolande. didn't you hear us?
Madame was laughing.
Hello. Mr. Jean-Pierre.
Mrs. Eliane.
How's my great-aunt?
She's laughing all by herself.
She's senile!
We want a word with you.
The police asked us about you.
About a burglary.
My Uncle Aimé's castle.
The castle where he's caretaker.
- They can't solve the case.
- So he told me.
- You're a lead.
- Me?
Yes. It's embarrassing.
For us. For my aunt.
I've done some investigating.
You have a boyfriend.
- Who doesn't?
- He's a suspect.
Him. mixed up in theft?
He's a mover. who lives with his mom.
I hear he comes here.
At night too.
Is there one spoon missing?
Stop pretending!
I'll be harsh.
since you don't understand.
You've got a week's notice.
Darling. perhaps...
What'll I do?
What have I done?
You picked the wrong heartthrob.
The wrong what?
It wasn't him. He wasn't there.
- Must I really leave?
- A week is customary.
Hello. Aunt Lydie.
You're in great shape today.
"Hello. Aunt Lydie.
You're in great shape today."
Ma'am. I think this is silver.
wanna buy it?
Yes. it is silver!
But it's risky.
You must have stolen it.
No. I'm sorry.
Got a smoke?
Hey. mister.
Watch where you're going!
- Wanna buy these spoons?
- What for?
I'm hungry!
It's easy to eat.
it's harder to work.
Bug off. old man.
It's not safe to peddle here.
Watch it! There's an ID check here.
Since I got no papers
they'll lock me up.
I'm tired of moving. Tired.
Don't be stupid.
I know a guy who sells hot stuff.
Really?
You got no papers?
First I thought you were dealing.
Nothing.
I had a birth certificate.
but I lost it.
- Hey! That's my picture!
- Too late! Now it's 2 francs more!
- What do you mean?
- That's the way it is. Pay up.
Thanks.
Does anyone feel like moving?
Not right now.
- What's your name?
- Jean.
Cut that shit out!
You can play at the station.
What'll it be like in Avignon?
It's supposed to be
a real nice family and younger.
I can't believe you did it.
- What?
- This! Give me a week to clear out.
Send Madame to a nursing home.
You didn't waste any time.
And then your wife...
She's tough.
She's my wife.
You don't understand passion.
Good luck!
Goodbye. sir.
I had a shock.
I thought it was that girl
I kicked out.
I wonder what's happened to her.
I don't even know where she's from.
Listen. it's easy to criticize
if you've got money.
We're just hanging out here.
we're fucked. we got nothing.
I was fucked too.
I grew up in an orphanage.
That makes two of us. So did I.
We're brothers and sisters.
I've got big plans for you.
I'll hook you up.
I could use a cup of coffee.
Let's go get some coffee.
Rise and shine!
- Let me sleep.
- He's sleeping!
What a dump.
You need music in here!
That's enough.
go horse around outside.
Get out. like she said.
Beer. please.
I'm so wasted.
I could even take you to Toulouse.
I've got connections there.
You could make some photos.
some porn flicks. You could pose.
Me pose?
I could pause...
Hello. Gérard? I found her.
The girl Mrs. Landier picked up hitching.
The one she wanted me to find.
She's here. at the station.
If you could see her!
She's revolting. a wreck!
Makes me sick.
I'm telling you.
but I'll never tell Mrs. Landier.
Never. Nor Eliane.
I can understand her confusion.
you know.
I'm so lost myself sometimes.
But to sink that low...
Are you crazy?
Anyway. she doesn't recognize me.
She said to me...
she said: "Do I scare you?"
Yeah. she scares me.
She scares me because she revolts me.
- Nothing?
- No. Let's go try another.
Where are you?
I heard you came back.
There you are. bastard.
- Where's my money?
- I gave it to Gégé for you.
Liar!
I've seen Gégé.
I'm warning you.
I'll rip this place apart.
Take it easy.
This whole city can burn.
I don't give a shit.
Thanks a lot. Bébert.
He started the fire. and she split.
She was a good fuck!
I could have made money with her.
I've still got the other.
She talks too much.
That radical shit turns me off.
Pain in the ass.
I miss Mona.
she was some piece of ass.
Too late.
Costs 2 francs more. now.
THIEVES
BEWARE OF TRAPS
It's freezing.
I can't sleep.
If Mama Louise saw me
in my radish house...
They're so small.
can't even eat them.
It's cold.
Fuck off. dog!
Fuck off and die!
Watch your cape. it'll catch fire.
- I'm looking for bread.
- Bread? See the village. over there.
Take the trail. cut through the vineyard.
under the bridge and you'll be in town.